>> Kyle Simpson: Let's
jump into Exercise 5.
Now, I've allocated a much
longer period of time here, but
I wanna explain how this is gonna work.
If you open up the readme,
there are three parts to this exercise.
And I'm gonna have you do
each part individually, and
then I'm gonna talk through the solution
with it before you start on the next part.
So try not to work ahead, okay?
Just do part one, we'll come back in a few
minutes, after we've worked on part one,
and I'll talk you through that solution.
In part one, the only thing you need to
do is wrap a single module definition
around the entire contents
of our application code.
Just make one module.
Should be pretty straightforward,
it's just a few lines of code.
So we'll take five,
six minutes something like that to do it,
it's not a lot of work.
But then we're gonna come back, and
do something a bit more sophisticated.
We're gonna start splitting
these up into multiple modules,
that'll be part two and part three.